Create july-hero.md (#1650)
linkerd/website: linkerd.io/content/blog/2023/july-hero.md

---
title: Announcing July's Linkerd Hero
subtitle:  
tags:
  - Community
  - Hero
items:
description: The votes are in! This month's Linkerd Hero Mikael Fridh for fixing an incompatibility between Linkerd's CNI plugin and newer versions of EKS's VPC CNI plugin.
keywords: [Hero]
---
### Announcing July's Linkerd Hero

We are excited to announce this month's Linkerd Hero: Mikael Fridh.
Congrats, Mikael!

## What are Linkerd Heroes?

Linkerd Heroes are community members who best represent the spirit of
the Linkerd community. Whether it's helping others, answering questions, sharing their successes (and failures!) with the world at large, or contributing code or docs, Linkerd Heroes are instrumental in making the Linkerd community the amazing place it is today.

## Congrats, Mikael!

This month's hero is
[Mikael Fridh](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mikaelfridh/). Mikael reported

> an incompatibility between Linke rd's CNI plugin and newer versions of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
an incompatibility between Linkerd's CNI plugin and newer versions of
```
